De-emphasize Selenium 3 info (#2624)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webdriver-chromium/index.md

| A WebDriver testing framework | Test authors use a testing framework to write end-to-end tests and automate browsers.  Provides a language-specific interface that translates your code into commands that are sent to Microsoft Edge WebDriver.  WebDriver testing frameworks exist for all major platforms and languages.  One such framework is Selenium WebDriver. |
| Internet Explorer Driver | An open-source implementation of the WebDriver protocol specifically for Internet Explorer.  To run legacy end-to-end tests for Internet Explorer Mode, we recommend using Internet Explorer Driver. |
| Microsoft WebDriver (legacy) | The previous, browser-specific driver for Microsoft Edge (EdgeHTML), which is also known as Microsoft Edge Legacy. |

The following sections describe how to get started with WebDriver for Microsoft Edge.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Install both a browser driver and a WebDriver framework

> You must install both a browser driver (Microsoft Edge WebDriver), and a WebDriver framework (such as Selenium WebDriver).  These are separate components.

Reviewer: This section can potentially be removed, and the content placed elsewhere.

I think this first sentence would be good to move to the "Download Microsoft Edge WebDriver" section below. It provides some useful context that was missing.

The following paragraph about the Visual Studio template seem like a better fit for the troubleshooting section below since it is specific to a Visual Studio template that we don't see much usage for.

Author: done locally

Microsoft Edge WebDriver can be used with any WebDriver framework.  This article provides instructions for using the Selenium WebDriver framework, but you can use any library, framework, and programming language that supports WebDriver.

Selenium WebDriver is one popular implementation of a WebDriver framework.  Selenium is a cross-browser automation library that's language-agnostic and test-framework agnostic.  This article uses Selenium WebDriver only as an illustrative example, and because it fulfills most users' needs.  If you use Selenium, you must use Selenium 4; Selenium 3 is no longer supported.

To accomplish the same tasks using a WebDriver testing framework other than Selenium WebDriver, consult the official documentation for your framework of choice.

<!-- ------------------------------ -->
#### Using Selenium WebDriver

One possible WebDriver framework you can use is Selenium WebDriver, which is part of the Selenium suite of tools.

> Selenium WebDriver is an open-source testing framework that can be used on any platform, and provides language bindings for Java, Python, C#, Ruby, and JavaScript.  To run Selenium 4 tests, Python 3 is required (Python 2.7 is not supported).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selenium WebDriver is an open-source testing framework that can be used on any platform, and provides language bindings for Java, Python 3, C#, Ruby, and JavaScript.
```

Author: done locally

> To use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge, if you use Selenium, you must use Selenium 4, which has built-in support for Microsoft Edge (Chromium).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use Selenium to automate Microsoft Edge, you must use Selenium 4; Selenium 3 is no longer supported.
```

Author: done locally

> To install Selenium 4, see [Install a Selenium library](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/webdriver/getting_started/install_library/).  In case you need it, the NuGet packages page is [Selenium.WebDriver](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Selenium.WebDriver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on installing Selenium for your preferred language and development environment, see the Selenium project's official documentation on [Installing a Selenium library](https://www.selenium.dev/documentation/webdriver/getting_started/install_library/).
```

Note: Making it more clear that we are intentionally linking to external docs, and that these are the authoritative source for installing Selenium. Also removing the NuGet link which was a cause of confusion in the issue that prompted this PR. The linked Selenium docs has the NuGet info for those who are interested.

Author: done locally, slightly streamlined / low key
